Clarify AMY submission instructions (#1456)
carpentries/instructor-training: _extras/checkout.md

including the ability to contribute to other open-source projects! However, we understand that there are many
reasons why trainees may wish to avoid engaging on GitHub. That's ok!

If you do not use GitHub, you may submit your lesson contribution via [this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeMBOj5Rdh8Mgk0ebRbeRyHhGHKbItdft6avWuEzmeg8CgWbA/viewform).  A Carpentries Core Team member will create an issue based on the relevant repository, and will send you a link so that you may view any responses. 

### Add Your Lesson Contribution to Your Carpentries Record

In order for your contribution to count for checkout, it needs to be added to your Carpentries record on our AMY database. 

> For this checkout task, please log in to your [AMY profile](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/for_instructors/current_instructors.html#accessing-and-updating-your-instructor-profile) and select “Training progress” at the top of the screen.  You can now enter in a link to your lesson contribution.  This will be evaluated in 7-10 days.  If you are having trouble logging into AMY, you may contact  [instructor.training@carpentries.org](mailto:instructor.training@carpentries.org) and we will help you log in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this checkout task, please:
1. log in to your [AMY profile](https://docs.carpentries.org/topic_folders/for_instructors/current_instructors.html#accessing-and-updating-your-instructor-profile). If you have difficulty logging in to your AMY profile, please email us at  [instructor.training@carpentries.org](mailto:instructor.training@carpentries.org) and review alternative submission options below.
1. Once you have logged in, select “Training progress” at the top of the screen.  
1. Enter in a link to your lesson contribution.  
1. Your contribution should be evaluated in 7-10 days. We suggest checking back to ensure that your contribution was accepted.
```
